Perf doc (#5388)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp: doc/PerformanceTesting.md

Once you have everything in place create a pipeline using the definition in your in the cpp repo by going to https://dev.azure.com/azure-sdk/internal/_build?definitionScope=%5Cperf and create a new one under the cpp node. 

To test intermediate definitions of your pipeline you can run the https://dev.azure.com/azure-sdk/internal/_build?definitionId=5121 pipeline and set the proper values for the cpp node( make sure to deselect all other languages except cpp unless you want to run them).

> In case you need to validate a set of changes using an existing pipeline you can go to an existing perf pipeline press Run , in the dialog presented enter the following data : 
>     - Branch/Tag : refs/pull/<PR_NUMBER>/merge
>     - Commit : <COMMIT_HASH> 
> 
> The rest of the arguments can be let as default. 
> 
> Press run and wait for the pipeline to finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To validate a set of changes using an existing pipeline, navigate to an existing perf pipeline and press `Run`.  Enter the following information in the presented dialog: 
    - Branch/Tag: refs/pull/<PR_NUMBER>/merge
    - Commit: <COMMIT_HASH> 
    - The remaining arguments can be left as default. 

Press `Run` and wait for the pipeline to finish.
```
